Overhaul of documentation (#46)
interaction-lab/HARMONI: doc/packages/Core.rst

harmoni_core
================================

> Everything needed to make the HARMONI system functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything needed to make the HARMONI packages function together.
```
